README.md, before:

# Record & replay changes to a MongoDB

This utility makes a script to reproduce manual actions done on a Mongo DB.

It makes internally a simple diff (*only new items* are being detected, updates are ignored currently).

As a result, one should get `BASH`, `BAT`, `JS` and `JSON` files that alltogether work to reproduce actions when it's needed.
 
To see what options are available, please run application with `--help` parameter

## How do generated scripts know on which server they need to execute insertions?

They don't. You have to set up the env variable "MONGO_SERVER" to some IP/host name before you run the shell/batch file.

## Why?

Weekly Scrum Demos. This tool makes it a breeze for most cases which might otherwise take too much preparation.


## Build/release preconditions

This is `#golang` project. I used Go 1.5. `go get github.com/milanaleksic/mongodiff` should be enough.

To deploy I used also additional `go`-driven utilities:

1. go-bindata
2. github-release
3. upx 3.91
4. goupx (goes around bug of upx-ing linux golang-generated binaries)

### Testing

I made only a trivial sanity-checking test that demands Mongo running - otherwise test will fail.

Commit message:

Add server as command line parameter
No need to define environment variables, still using still optional.

README.md, after:

# Record & replay changes to a MongoDB

This utility makes a script to reproduce manual actions done on a Mongo DB.

It makes internally a simple diff (*only new items* are being detected, updates are ignored currently).

As a result, one should get `BASH`, `BAT`, `JS` and `JSON` files that alltogether work to reproduce actions when it's needed.

To see what options are available, please run application with `--help` parameter

## How do generated scripts know on which server they need to execute insertions?

They don't. give the server as script parameter (use -s|--server for *nix) or set the env variable "MONGO_SERVER" to some IP/host name before you run the shell/batch file.

## Why?

Weekly Scrum Demos. This tool makes it a breeze for most cases which might otherwise take too much preparation.


## Build/release preconditions

This is `#golang` project. I used Go 1.5. `go get github.com/milanaleksic/mongodiff` should be enough.

To deploy I used also additional `go`-driven utilities:

1. go-bindata
2. github-release
3. upx 3.91
4. goupx (goes around bug of upx-ing linux golang-generated binaries)

### Testing

I made only a trivial sanity-checking test that demands Mongo running - otherwise test will fail.
